This is a compilation of my projects that I complete from June 2026 to June 2027. (View commit details for descriptions of specific projects)
1. WeatherAPI.py is a weather app using a PyQt5 window to display city weather data from the OpenWeatherApi call.
2. TradingAPI.py includes a trading platform that displays a PyQt5 window that allows users to "buy"/"sell"/"View Portfolio" after searching for asset data, which is retrieved via a WebSocket connection to the FinnhubAPI. This connection allows for real-time asset data to be retrieved and displayed to the user. I am currently expanding on this program to hopefullt use recent historical stock data along with the real time data to provide the user with more information about the stock of choice. 
3. pairsData.ipynb uses Jupyter Notebooks, Numpy, and Pandas to read historical stock data from csv file. The data is then used to create a new dataframe with the combined data for two stocks and useful metrics used for comparison. The new dataframe is then exported to pickle for use in the pairsTrading file.
4. pairsTrading.py adds to the data analysis in pairsData using pd.read_pickle() with new columns including buy triggers for the two stocks. It uses a mathmatical state mechanism to ensure that the strategy is long on the right stock, short on the right stock, and selling the stocks at the proper times based on the data. Lookahead bias is avoided using rolling statistcal measures and signal shifts. Various metrics including a comparison between the pairs trading strategy and a benchmark 50/50 "lazy" portfolio over the time period using Matplotlib .subplots().
5. Yahtzee.py is a program that uses PyQt6 to create a window with a Yahtzee game. This project was inspired by my grandparents, who love to play Yahtzee. The program feautures a clean ui that allows users to play Yahtzee games by rolling 5 dice and choosing to keep some of the dice and roll again (maximum of 3 rolls per turn), choose to count the dice in various ways (small straight, large straight, etc.), or "scratch off" one of the options. Upon completion of the game turn-to-turn data is exported into a separate file for separate strategy analysis, and sectional & total scores are displayed to the user, who can also select to play again.
